General
-------
The Advanced Quick Edit Tool is an example add-on for demonstrating some
of the TecUtil ADK functionality to the add-on writer. Additionally, however,
it provides the general user with a few nice capabilities for manipulating
groups of text and geometry objects.

Access to the Advanced Quick Edit Tool is achieved by selecting it from
Tecplot's "Tools" menu. If the option can not be found under the "Tools"
menu then Tecplot was not instructed to load the add-on. Edit the
"tecplot.add" file, insert the following line, and restart Tecplot
(see the ADK Reference manual for details):

  $!LoadAddOn "advqet"

Controls on the Advanced Quick Edit Tool dialog are sensitive to user
commands only when one or more geometry and/or text objects are selected.
Some controls are specific to geometry or text and some apply to both.
If the picked list contains a mix of geometry and text objects then the
controls that apply specifically to geometric objects will only effect
those objects. The same is true for those controls that apply specifically
to text.

Geometric specific controls allow the user to change the coordinate
system of one or more geometry objects. Text specific controls allow
the user to change the coordinate and unit system, box margin, line
spacing, and anchor position of one or more text objects. General
controls that apply to both text and geometric objects allow the
user to change the scope, and zone attachment of one or more objects.

Following are a list of controls provided:

* Coordinate System/Character Height
* Text Margin
* Text Line Space
* Text Anchor Location
* Scope
* Zone Attachment



Coordinate System/Character Height
----------------------------------
Selected geometry objects may have their coordinate system changed to the
frame or grid system. Selected text objects can also have their coordinate
systems changed to the frame or grid system but, in addition, can have their
character height unit system changed to the frame, point, or grid system.

When switching coordinate system, the Advanced Quick Edit Tool will adjust
the modified geometry or text object's anchor position and font height to
ensure that it's visual screen position and size does not change.



Text Margin:
------------
Selected text objects may have the space, or margin, between the text and
the surrounding text box modified by pressing the text box margin button
and entering a real number value into the input field and pressing the OK
button. The margin is measured as a percentage of the character height,
therefore a value of 100.0 produces a text margin that is as large as the
height of the text.

The Advanced Quick Edit Tool checks the input field's value and, if a valid
number, applies it to margin of all selected text objects.



Text Line Space:
----------------
Selected text objects may have their spacing between lines of text modified
by pressing the text line spacing button and entering a real number value into
the input field and pressing the OK button. The line spacing is measured
relative to the character height, therefore a value of 1.0 produces a "normal"
single lines spacing.

The Advanced Quick Edit Tool checks the input field's value and, if a valid
number, applies it to line space of all selected text objects.



Text Anchor Location
--------------------
Selected text objects may have their anchor alignment, or location, modified
by selecting one of the nine grid buttons specifying the horizontal and
vertical alignment.

When switching the text anchor location, the Advanced Quick Edit Tool will
always leave the anchor position alone to prevent putting the anchor point
outside of the frame.



Scope
-----
Selected text and geometry objects may have their scope modified by selecting
on of the two buttons provided: local and global. Locally scoped text is
displayed only in the frame in which it is created. If the the text is
defined as having global scope it will appear in all "like" frames, i.e.
those frames using the same data set as the one in which the text was created.



Zone Attachment Or XY Map Attachment
---------------    -----------------
Selected text and geometry objects may have their association with a
particular zone or map modified by pressing the select button and then
selecting from the list the desired zone or map with which to associate
the selected objects followed by the OK button.

Selecting "<Unattach Object>" will disassociate the selected objects
from any zone or map.
